Campfire post battle, we overhear Serramus and Yaryl debating the best course of 
action not that the cart in broken down. An old, crippled cleric hobbles out of the 
middle carriage thanking them and the other heroes for their actions that day. 
Noticing the armless elf sleeping feverishly off to the side he make a gesture and 
a few clerics come out and tend to the elf ranger.

The cleric then informs Yaryl and Serramus the passengers and cargo are too delicate 
to travel by foot, instead they should send a party ahead/ back to recquisition another 
ogre to drive the caravan to its destination. They agree to discuss this further at first light 
and everyone breaks for the evening. 2 hours watch rotations, Yaryl, serramus, Dev + Alex,
Brand + Nathan.
^^ unlikely to result in anthing besides the concept of watches on rest 

Each of the players have a vision that night!
^^ You wake up startled and confused. before you can figure out where you are you realize 
you are falling upwards, thru the clouds towards the moon and stars.
You abruptly come to a halt and you eyes level on an impossibly vast ocean. The moon huge on the 
horizon to your left, the sun, somehow smaller and dim on your right.
A voice break the silence, speaking in long, rumbling words that don't register as any language you know,
or perhaps not even language. However there follows a whisper in your ears, in common:

"The duty of the morrow,
While heavily burdened with sorrow,
Must be taken with conviction, 
Lest ye bring forth a far worse affliction" 

All the while the sun and the moon begin passing across this cosmic sky as if days, 
weeks and years were passing, speeding to a blur before at the climax of the prose 
they suddenly halt in an eclipse and fall into the vast unnamed sea. 
You awaken just as the waves would crash upon you ....

... chance for discussion ....

Serramus joins the party to add that he to had the strange dream, 
tho he places little faith in the power of dreams 

The old crippled cleric joins the group after breakfast declaring that they had been chosen 
to venture forth and bring back help to the caravan whilst Yaryl, Serramus and the armless 
ranger stay behind to keep the area secure.

... party decides which direction, North or South ....

