Monday morning class

all the recommended reading in chapter 1 of clean code is useful knowledge
to our career path. Maybe not this course specifically.

thoughtworks.com has a great resource 

Despite curly braces being optional is some situations, use them anyways


Class are the core structural element of java code.
classes have attributes, methods, constructors, and inner classes.
instance variables


Interface. A way tog ive different type distinction and required methods
for a class.
Class implements an interface.
Interface can be used to make things searchable
among many other things.

Naming convention that encode data type, access modifier, and scope 
etc are not reccomended. 

class names are Nouns not verbs as a general rule

method/ functions names are verbs not nouns as a general rule
get, set, is etc are good method prefixes

POJO -. Plain old java object.

Contracts -. A contract is a set of rules that define the behavior of a class/method

if comments are not maintained they become a burden on code maintenance
Better to use descriptive name for methods and variables

static methods are less testable than non-static methods

Common practice to refactor code to make them more testable and useful

if at all possible methods should do one thing. (singleton pattern)

if/ switch statements should be factored out to minimize the 
code in each clause.

Next class finish on these readings. and intro to a unit test... simple
Maven project, similar to npm from javascript

going to get to spring boot later in the semester\

JUnit

Next monday we will workshop a basic maven project with JUnit tests... get ahead


Wednesday morning class:
Formatting was formerly a major consideration in the code.
Nowadays automated code formatting is so common that it is not anymore.

Smart use of white space to make code readable is highly recommended.


Keep reading the textbook - probably all of it - its a damned good resource
What is design and architecture - chapter
TDD - chapter
Unit Tests - chapter 9 



3 laws of TDD (Test Driven Development):

-You may not write production code until you have written a failing test.

-You may not write more of a unit test than is sufficient to fail.

-you may only write code up to passing the most recent failing test.



It is easy to clutter up test code, avoid this.
Good, readable test code is a must, especially for large projects.



FIRST:
fast - slow tests are less likely to be run as often
independent - one test failure shouldn't effect the next test in the suite
repeatable - should work regardless of environment 
self validating - pass or fail states, not a log of events
timely - up to date with the code



Maven projects work like other project kits.
pom.xml file is like the package.JSON file for node.js
.xml is a file type with html like tags.

projects are organized in folders.
src -> main -> java
src -> test -> java

package structures in main vs test should be the same to avoid conflicts or errors due to package.


build a maven project that emulates jamies code from todays lecture.


