May 16th

test in the form of Build - Operate - Check
name test in the form of Given - When - Then


Try to stick to a single assert per test.
If that leads to clutter, or too much code replication try to keep to one concept per test.

Clean tests follow these five rules:

Fast - Tests should be fast.
Independent - Tests should be independent of each other.
Repeatable - Tests should be repeatable in any environment.
Self validating - Output a boolean result.
Timely - Tests should be written along side the production code they are testing.

Java project do not like sharing IDE space with multiple projects.
Open them in a unique to the project instance of vscode

Do some more practice ahead of wednesday


May 18th, 2022

"The bottom line is that test driven development works, and everyone needs to get over it"

Three laws of TDD again, because repetition

1. Don't write production code until you have first written the failing unit test

2. Only write enough of a test to fail... not compiling is failing.

3. Only write as much production code as you need to get the failing test to pass.


TDD is a cycle of quick, thorough development with robust and high coverage tests.

Following TDD has a major benefit of having a very low defect injection rate 
on adding new code and features into the code base.

Knowing that robust tests exist inspires programmers to risk making changes
to the code because errors are more likely to be caught.

TDD is the professional option


QAP 1 for this course

TDD approach, a simple project
2 test classes of 3 tests cases each using different assertions
write the classes to pass the tests
host the project on github

submit a word doc with a summary of the work and a url to the github repo


Jamie recommends setting up SSH keys for github to streamline the process
Jamie asserts that the best programmers are lazy programmers
^^ ie if you have a tool to make your life easier, use it
^^ should talk to jamie about github copilot

write a good test first, don't write tests to pass
write good code, don't write code just to pass the test

jvm stands for java virtual machine

*** study pom files and how to write them ***

Jamie prescribes to testing one concept not one test per @†est

Jamie is providing valuable debugging and testing methodology practicals

QAP will be out next week (Wednesday class) 

Pay attention to edge cases when testing and try to cover all of them in each unit test

After the QAP we will get into mocking data and situations for testing


